update readme to work with the new quickstart (DDN CLI version v2.1.1) (#48)
hasura/ndc-open-api-lambda: README.md

## Before you get Started

1. Create a [Hasura Cloud account](https://console.hasura.io)
2. Please ensure you have the [DDN CLI](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/cli/installation) and [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) installed
3. [Create a supergraph](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/getting-started/init-supergraph)
4. [Create a subgraph](https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/getting-started/init-subgraph)
5. If you want to make changes to the generated Typescript files, please ensure you have Node.js v20+ installed

## Using the OpenAPI connector

### Step 1: Authenticate your CLI session

```bash
ddn auth login
```

### Step 2: Configure the connector

Once you have an initialized supergraph and subgraph, run the initialization command in interactive mode while
providing a name for the connector in the prompt:

```bash
ddn connector init <connector-name> -i
```

#### Step 2.1: Choose `hasura/openapi` from the list

#### Step 2.2: Choose a port for the connector

The CLI will ask for a specific port to run the connector on. Choose a port that is not already in use or use the
default suggested port.

#### Step 2.3: Provide the env vars required for the connector

> Environment variables that can be used to configure the connector are listed under [Supported Environment Variables](./docs/documentation.md#supported-environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables that can be used to configure the connector are listed under [Supported Environment Variables](./docs/documentation.md#supported-environment-variables).
```

## Step 3: Introspect the connector

```bash
ddn connector introspect <connector-name>
```

> This will generate the required HML and TS files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate the required metadata and TypeScript files.
```

Since we haven't introduced the concept of HML yet, let's just use a more generic / accessible term.

## Step 4: Add your resources

```bash
ddn connector-link add-resources <connector-name>
```

> This command will track all the indices in your Elasticsearch DB as Models

Reviewer: Copy-🍝 ? 🙃

Author: yeah 😆 

Resovled in [ccf47a2](https://github.com/hasura/ndc-open-api-lambda/pull/48/commits/ccf47a2cc402379395570986f81fddc615c84f60)
